Derek Entringer
3660 N Lakeshore Drive Unit 1901
Chicago, IL 60613
derekentringer.com
derek@derekentringer.com
773.425.2077


Introduction

Have a history of initiating new ventures and going above and beyond normal expectations of users and clients. Have a deep desire for learning and creating. Self-reliant and self-motivated. Have independently conceived, developed, and implemented many projects. Experience cooperating and leading groups on technical as well as design implementations and projects. Experience overseeing, training co-workers as well as managing clients.


Education

AAS Computer Aided Drafting
ITT Technical Institute
Milwaukee, WI
Cumulative GPA of 3.7
Graduated with honors


BFA Interactive Media Development
The Illinois Institute of Art
Chicago, IL
Cumulative GPA of 3.5


Employment

DerekEntringer.com – Interactive Media & Web Application Developer
Chicago, IL
derekentringer.com
January 2004 – Present: Owner & Independent Contractor

Content creation and evaluation is the most crucial element of any project. In web development, design often provides the initial "wow factor". The design and graphical imagery of a website will initially carry the load. However, when a prospective customer digs further into your website, it must be deeper than a few well placed graphics and images. If your content isn't engaging, if your site doesn't offer ideas and conversation, your prospective customers will quickly lose interest.


FlvPlayer.com – Flash Video Components
Chicago, IL
flvplayer.com
May 2008 – Present: Partner / Interactive Programmer

Currently creating the next generation Flv Player Flash Video Component to be released for sale on the flvplayer.com website. I have been involved in the feature set development, production, and the support of this product.


OrbySPV.com – 360 Degree Virtual Tour Technology
Chicago, IL
orbyspv.com
July 2007 – Present: Owner / Interactive Programmer
OrbySPV (Sequential Panoramic Viewer) gives you the ability to create highly interactive virtual tours, similiar to the Google Maps Street View, using your own panaromic images. The Orby experience is not like the other virtual tours that you may have seen around the web, where you stand in one spot and look around in a static 360 degree bubble. Orby has that ability, but instead of standing in a single position, you can actually walk around in the captured environment, stop at any position and zoom and rotate to your hearts desire.


Richter Brothers Studios
Chicago, IL
richterbrothers.com
October 2006 – February 2009: Interactive Programmer
Position includes the laying out of assets in Director and Flash, Lingo Programming including the creation of Behaviors, ActionScript programming and advanced use of components in Rich Interactive Application design and development and third party Extra Integration techniques. Standard HTML, XHTML, XML, and JavaScript programming, backend MySQL and PHP development, server configuration and updates, and online ecommerce programming, deployment, and updates.


ActiveCampaign Inc.
Chicago, IL
activecampaign.com
April 2004 – October 2006: Project Manager / Software Architect
Responsibilities included project conception / planning / documentation, outsource developer research / management / monitoring, clients relations, application development and documentation, E-Commerce / CRM solutions consulting, various project multimedia development / management and product support. Hired, managed, and trained product support team for Level 1 – 3 support technicians.


20/20 Giza
Glendale, WI
2020office.com
May 2000 – January 2002: Project Manager
Position included the design and implementation of 3D Models of office furniture using AutoCAD, and 3D Studio Max, in coordination with our clients and their needs, C++ Software Interface Design / Programming, along with managing client base associated with assigned projects.

